[v19.x] Backport 19.3 candidates, v19.3.0 release notes and version bump (#5506)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes.md

# Notable changes

## CoinJoin improvements

This release fixes a couple of issues with mixing on nodes that start with no
wallet loaded initially.

## Wallet GUI improvements

Wallets with 100k+ txes should now be able to rescan without hanging forever
while processing notifications for every tx. Running `keypoolrefill` with a

> large number of keys and will no longer lockup the GUI and can be interrupted.

Reviewer: Missed one :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
large number of keys will no longer lockup the GUI and can be interrupted.
```

> Wallets with 100k+ txes should now be able to rescan and not hang forever
> processing notifications for every tx. Running `keypoolrefill` with large number
> of keys and will no longer lockup GUI and can be interrupted. Running
> `upgradetohd` can also be interrupted now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallets with 100k+ txes should now be able to rescan without hanging forever while
processing notifications for every tx. Running `keypoolrefill` with a large number
of keys will no longer lockup the GUI and can be interrupted. Running
`upgradetohd` can also be interrupted now.
```

## Changes in RPCs, commands and config options

- `wipewallettxes`: New RPC command which removes all wallet transactions
- `wipetxes`: New command for `dash-wallet` that removes all wallet transactions
- `masternodelist`: New mode `hpmn` filters only HPMNs/EvoNodes
- `protx list`: New type `hpmn` filters only HPMNs/EvoNodes
- `-blockversion` config option is allowed on non-mainnet networks now

## Other changes

There were a few other minor changes too, specifically:
- Added Kittywhiskers Van Gogh (kittywhiskers) and Odysseas Gabrielides
(ogabrielides) to contributors list in 19.2.0 release notes
- There should be no false "unknown rules activated" warning in GUI and RPCs now
- Empty `settings.json` file no longer results in node startup failure
- Block processing was slightly optimized

> - BLS library was updated to version 1.3.0 to fix a cople of tiny issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BLS library was updated to version 1.3.0 to fix a couple tiny issues
```
